Update documentation for Windows Feature Store IDs. (#217)
Microsoft-community/Community-website: src/wiki/windows-feature-store.md

  
Multiple community tools exist to allow the toggling the state of features. The most popular and well-known currently is [ViVeTool](https://github.com/thebookisclosed/ViVe). To set the state for a feature, use `vivetool.exe /enable /id:<id> <state>`. To remove the custom state, use `vivetool.exe /reset id:<id>`.

Other tools include [mach2](https://github.com/riverar/mach2) which is an older application similar to ViVeTool, and [ViVeTool GUI](https://github.com/PeterStrick/vivetool-gui) which adds a user interface to ViVeTool.

> You can find a list of feature IDs and their descriptions on [GitHub](https://github.com/phantomofearth/windows-velocity-feature-lists) page. It is maintained by [phantomofearth](https://github.com/phantomofearth).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a list of feature IDs and their descriptions on the [windows-velocity-feature-lists](https://github.com/phantomofearth/windows-velocity-feature-lists) repository, maintained by [phantomofearth](https://github.com/phantomofearth).
```
